Slides 06 Managing Validation Projects (#29)
FredHutch/R_Package_Validation_Tutorial: Debugging_Triage.md

## Debugging

> When working through these slides and exercises, don't become discouraged if something doesnt work out or isnt clear. Follow these instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working through these slides and exercises, don't become discouraged if something does not work immediately or seems obtuse. Follow these instructions:
```

### Attendee

First, see if any of the other members of the breakout session are coming across similar difficulties. 

Optionally, see if you can reproduce the issue. 
Try re-starting the assignment and following the instructions. 

> If you still come across errors, reach out to the TA's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still come across errors, reach out to the TAs.
```
